Updated with tutorial (#1)
zscaler/zpa-terraform-consul-webinar: README.md

# Zscaler Private Access Terraform & Consul Webinar - Zero Touch App Delivery with ZPA, Terraform & Consul

> This repository will provision Zscaler Private Access App Connector, Consul & NGINX servers in AWS. Optionally, you can also deploy a Vault Cluster in store the API credentials, so Consul can authenticate to the ZPA Cloud.

Reviewer: **Change to:** This repository will provision Zscaler Private Access App Connector, Consul & NGINX servers in AWS. Optionally, you can also deploy a Vault Cluster to store your ZPA API credentials, so Consul can authenticate to the ZPA Cloud.

Author: ```suggestion
This repository will provision Zscaler Private Access App Connector, Consul & NGINX servers in AWS. Optionally, you can also deploy a Vault Cluster to store your ZPA API credentials, so Consul can authenticate to the ZPA Cloud.
```

}
```

The CTS execution will automatically create a new application segment within the Zscaler Private Access portal, containing the FQDNs of each one of the web servers with its corresponding service ports.

![ZPAUI](assets/zpaconsole.svg)

### Verify NIA automation workflow

> This scenario will trigger CTS by increasing the number of servers allocated to the autoscaling group. CTS will update the BIG-IP configuration to include the new NGINX instances created by increasing the autoscaling group capacity.

Author: ```suggestion
This scenario will trigger CTS by increasing the number of servers allocated to the autoscaling group. CTS will update the ZPA application segment configuration to include the new NGINX instances created by increasing the autoscaling group capacity.
```

```
## 7. The minimum number of Web Servers to maintain in an Autoscaling group. (Default: 2)
desired_capacity                           = 2
min_size                                   = 1
max_size                                   = 2
```

Apply the changes to increase the number of servers in your autoscaling group.

```
terraform apply --auto-approve
```

Once Terraform completes, it will return something similar to the following:

```
An execution plan has been generated and is shown below.
Resource actions are indicated with the following symbols:
  ~ update in-place

Terraform will perform the following actions:

  # aws_autoscaling_group.web_asg will be updated in-place
  ~ resource "aws_autoscaling_group" "web_asg" {

    ## ...
      ~ desired_capacity          = 2 -> 4
        id                        = "zsdemo-web-asg-47d6j97s"
      ~ max_size                  = 2 -> 4
        name                      = "zsdemo-web-asg-47d6j97s"
    ## ...
    }
Plan: 3 to add, 3 to change, 0 to destroy.

## ...
Apply complete! Resources: 3 added, 1 changed, 0 destroyed.
```

Once the changes are applied on AWS, Consul will show the new instances on the **Services** tab.

> CTS will detect the change from the Consul catalog and modify the BIG-IP configuration to reflect the new `web-server` instances.

Author: ```suggestion
CTS will detect the change from the Consul catalog and update the application segments to reflect the new `web` services.
```
